Yi Feng you
How can you kneel before the witch
Junior sister, look, this is the man you like
This backbone is not as good as a dog
Little brother, I feel so sorry for you kneeling.
My devil world has never made it difficult for weak-legged waste
Hand over the bones
Spare you
hateful
My dignified Tianyuan Gate was actually banned by the devil world
It's all Xiao Yinfeng's fault
The cowardice is too fast, my devil world is so strong
The handsome guy Ren Coward is also reasonable
It seems that the fastest way to accumulate resentment
Or get down on your knees?
You have invaded my Tianyuanmen's territory
It's all according to our rules
Then tell me
What are your rules?
My Tianyuan Gate has prepared three major barriers for the girl
If the girl can break
The whole faction obeys the Lord of the Rings
Xiao Yifeng, do you want to pull all the people to be buried with you?
Impossible, he must have difficulties
And you still believe him?
Hahahaha
You are so interesting.
It's not enough to die yourself
Also pull the whole pie
Hahahaha
Little brother, you are not only handsome
Talking is so funny
Tell me, what are the three major hurdles?
The girl has heard of the ice and fire of my Tianyuanmen
Although this formation is strong
But not the opponent of the devil
Does Sun Yifang just want to be buried with us?
It's just a trick
You dare to sell it in front of me
Yes, if the girl can break the formation
The first level is broken
How good
My devil world pays attention to coming and going
Today, I will also give you a big gift. Bring it here.